kiegroup status webpage (#1921)
kiegroup/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap: README.md

==================

See [CI Information document](.ci)

> You can check RHBA CI status from [Chain Status webpage](https://kiegroup.github.io/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap/)

Reviewer: I would not use RHBA abbreviation here.
```suggestion
You can check Kiegroup organization repositories CI status from [Chain Status webpage](https://kiegroup.github.io/droolsjbpm-build-bootstrap/)
```
